---
title:  ""
mathjax: true
layout: post
categories: 
 - github
 - website
---

## Neuronal mechanisms of response inhibition and self-control

In daily life, we must often interrupt or suppress a behavior in favor of another that is more appropriate in the current circumstances. Two key aspects of such behavioral control are response inhibition and self-control. Response inhibition is the ability to deliberately stop a prepared motor response. Self-control is the ability to inhibit self-defeating behavior in the face of temptation. Clinically, failures of response inhibition and self-control are commonly treated as signs of deficits in behavioral control. My thesis work aims to resolve whether the neural mechanisms underlying response inhibition and self-control are shared or distinct.

## Value representation of delayed and probabilistic rewards

Neurons in the supplementary eye field (SEF) have been shown to encode action value during saccade preparation, i.e. the expected value of a target associated with a specific action made to its location. However, action value signals have only been tested in the context of an oculomotor gambling task where monkeys chose between options that varied in reward amount and probability. In this study, we test if SEF neurons encode action value invariant of task context, where the subjective value of options is influenced by different attributes.

## Attentional sampling strategies in multi-attribute decision making

Many everyday decisions require us to consider multiple options, each comprising of a number of shared or dissimilar attributes. In such situations, optimal decisions require the simultaneous integration and comparison of a large amount of information. This complexity is thought to tax limited cognitive resources in humans, who therefore use attention to select a limited subset of information, on which the decision is then based. To better understand the role of attention in decision making, the complexity of the choice menu was systemically varied by increasing the number of options, or attributes, or both.
